New germplasm accession importer (#14)
UofS-Pulse-Binfo/tripal_germplasm_importer: docs/features/germplasm_accession_importer.rst

Germplasm Accession Importer
============================

File Upload
-----------
Format requirements for upload files can be found easily in UI while using this module.

.. image:: accession.1.file_format.png

.. note::

  For column 2 (External Database), the name in file must exist in your database in chado table:db already.

  For column 12 (Pedigree), pedigree information is recommended to save in format of ``maternal-parent-name/paternal-parent-name``.

>   For column 13 (Synonyms), multiple synonyms are allowed but must be separated by pounctuation marks. Like, ``syn1;syn2;syn3``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For column 13 (Synonyms), multiple synonyms are allowed but must be separated by semi-colons (e.g.  ``syn1;syn2;syn3``).
```
